add policy to allow any authenticated user (#1515)
pomerium/pomerium: docs/reference/readme.md

If this setting is enabled, no whitelists (e.g. Allowed Users) should be provided in this route.

### Allow Any Authenticated User

- `yaml`/`json` setting: `allow_any_authenticated_user`
- Type: `bool`
- Optional
- Default: `false`

> **Use with caution:** allow all requests to all users which have an account at the used provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Use with caution:** This setting will allow all requests for any user which is able to authenticate with our given identity provider. For instance, if you are using a corporate GSuite account, an unrelated gmail user will be able to access the underlying upstream. 

Use of this setting means Pomerium **will not enforce centralized authorization policy** for this route. The upstream is responsible for handling any authorization. 
```
